persist agent key in file (#57)
Holo-Host/hpos-configure-holochain: README.md

# hpos-configure-holochain
Installs apps in holochain and downloads UI in the `UI_STORE_FOLDER` directory from a YAML configuration file.

> Optionally if environmental variable `PUBKEY_PATH` is set Holochain's public key created during first run will be saved in a file at given path and retrieved during subsequent runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally if environmental variable `PUBKEY_PATH` is set the holoport's host public key created during first run will be saved in a file at given path and retrieved during subsequent runs.
```
